So in this module you learn a lot about eye on it too and it's basics you'll learn and how the project
structure works how it looks like how an ironic application gets started and is connected to an angle
or two application.
You also learned what pages are how they work how they are connected to components how navigation works
and where to find out more about all those building components how to style your application and much
more.
Now these are these solid fundamentals.
Let's now take them and build up on them in the next section in the first application we're going to
build so it is real EPPER now building using those fundamentals using actual components so that you
can actually see those things in action and how that works in a real app.